hi on this compass tip I'm going to show
you six different ways of many of your
books into the database at lightning
speed to impress your friends and make
using the program a little bit more fun
now a lot of people when they first see
kind of base a lot there's a lot going
on here where do I even start
and it's true there's over half a
million issues built right into the
program when you start and our guys are
adding a couple thousand more every
month just to keep up with all the wacky
goings on the world of comic books now
the reason they do all this the reason
they build so much information in the
program is to make it so you really
don't have to do that much when you want
to put your own collection in they've
already put in all the writers and
artists and what was special about the
issues and keeping up with current
market prices so when you have to put
your own books in there's really not
that much you have to do
let's take a stack of books over your
aankhen Batman and Robin's second series
number 12 and what I'm going to do is
I'm going to look him up in current
Basin a term in so I'm going to click
the titles button up here there's a
Batman and Robin and notice how as soon
as I type the first couple letters it
automatically chases up to where I want
to go so it really gives me there very
quickly here's the second series and if
you'll notice despite all this
information in the database all the
quantities all start out at zero and the
conditions all start out at near-mint
and so this is makes it very easy to
just add your own book by it that's fine
in number 12 here I'm gonna change that
coin from a zero to a one
boom and I am done it is actually that
simple and Congress keeps track of the
current value is every week is we figure
out the marketplace as well as all new
artist and writer updates as we go along
so really there's nothing else for you
to do if you don't want to now sometimes
though you want to get a little more
detailed and like so issue number
thirteen over here I don't really like
the shape of it it looks you know maybe
very fine at best of me so I'm gonna
click on this guy here and I'm gonna
double click and open up and show you
everything we keep in mind about a given
issue so this is a lot of stuff we track
for every single issue in the database
but what I'm interested in particular on
this one is the price and in the
condition so notice how this one's worth
about 275 on the selling price if it was
going to be a near mint condition but in
very fine which is I'm so going to say
was what it is it's only worth about a
dollar seventy-five it updated that
price the second I updated the condition
I'm gonna set the kuan-yin stock to be
one in this case and boom mark that
again and I'm done with that one now I
can be as detailed or is not detailed
and you know as fast I want with the
entry you know it really depends on what
kind of Congress folks you're tracking
and really your own personal style
now my personal style I'm a little OCD
about my books and most of my books come
in in your main conditions so what I
have is I usually have to keep my books
in order and they're all together
together so what I can do then is I can
take big runs of things like I've got
Batman now I've got 14 through 17 left
in this pile here I need to say alright
I'm gonna select all of these ones over
here if I click in this left-hand column
just highlight them all at once and hit
a key on my keyboard when the number
keys from 0 to 9 by hitting 1 I just
marked all those four at once as being
in stock I could have hit 2 if I doubles
of them or you know 9 if I'm crazy and I
keep 9 to beach it really doesn't matter
I also can use the plus and the minus
keys to increment or decrement the
amount of books I have for each one of
those that's really by far the fastest
way to enter books in your database now
my fourth one is quick change now these
ones in this case I would usually show
you quick change to mark them as being
in the inventory in this case I'm going
to use quick change to show you
something else it's a little bonus I'm
going to go to the edit menu choose
quick change before ctrl G on my
keyboard in this case I'm gonna say I
bought all these ones at a flea market
for a dollar fifty so I'm going to
change not the quantity but the cost
field to a dollar fifty and hit save and
you'll notice it moves that dollar 50
down across all the ones I've already
selected I've got a lot of things to
change them for books that I've already
selected it's a great way to do things
one after another and change a lot of
different values for the same books
sometimes it's really hard to know what
is the right name for a comic book so
why not you let the comic book itself
tell you in this case you'll want it
kind of barcode scanner and what we'll
do here is we'll read the barcode scan
right off the book and not have to do
all that title navigation at the start
to do it instead I'll use the Edit menus
jump to issue command or control J on
the keyboard in this case all I have to
do is take this book scan the barcode
and I don't have to type anything it
takes me straight to flash fourth series
number 19 it's already highlighted so
that add it to my inventory I'll have to
do boom punch a 1 and we're done
or if I really wanted to kick the whole
thing in the hyperdrive my last tip of
the day is I'm gonna go if I have the
archive or professional editions of
companies going to use the batch add
comics the inventory command or control
I on my keyboard and this lets me run a
whole bunch of comic books just like I
was running a cash register in a
supermarket where I'm gonna come out in
the room in just one after another batch
barcode scan them and I don't need a
steer anywhere it'll automatically
assume that they're in near-mint
condition and that my cover price was my
cost I can change the bloody assumes as
my cover price in the Preferences of
carface but in this case I really am all
done this is what I've got and I just
want sit down and enjoy my comic so I'm
gonna hit save and we'll add them all
and that's it and if you enjoy the steps
come on back to carp acecomm on a
regular basis and better yet hit the
subscribe button which the folks in post
are putting over my head right now
hope you enjoyed it and hope to see you
soon
you